(CNN) -- Beyond the noise of raucous crowds and angry protesters who have turned town hall meetings into shouting matches is genuine concern from ordinary citizens who are afraid <ANSWER> that President Obama's health care proposals would only make things harder for them, </ANSWER> experts say. The battle over health care reform has energized people on both sides of the debate. "The reason that we see these protests and people asking tough questions at town hall meetings is because they feel like the president is going to take something away from them. That motivates people. That gets them out," said Michael Cannon, director of health policy studies at the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank. Those fears were heard Tuesday at Democratic Sen. Arlen Specter's town hall meeting in Lebanon, Pennsylvania. " This is going to take away my freedom," charged one man who wanted assurance from Specter that the private option for health insurance would stay viable. Specter repeated Obama's pledge, telling the crowd, "If you like your policy, you can keep it. " Acknowledging the skepticism at a town hall meeting Tuesday, Obama tried to alleviate fears that reform would take something away. "I recognize there's an underlying fear here that people somehow won't get the care they need. You will have not only the care you need, but also the care that right now is being denied to you, only if we get health care reform. That's what we're fighting for," he said at the Portsmouth, New Hampshire, event. Since his days on the campaign trail, Obama has promised the public that those who like their health insurance plans won't have to give them up, but he's stopped short of saying at what cost. "I think that's the fear," said Diana Owen, an associate professor of political science and the director of American studies at Georgetown University. " Even though they are going to keep the plan, the plan is going to be at a much greater cost. And he's not been able to really allay that fear. "  Watch what happened at Specter's town hall meeting » The themes coming up at town hall meetings across the country are broadly the same as doubts expressed during the campaign. Critics are voicing fears about socialism and the dismantling of the government they are used to. And those who have sufficient health care coverage worry they'll have to foot the bill for reform, echoing concerns heard during the presidential campaign that Obama would "spread the wealth around. " "That was one of the campaign critiques of Obama that seemed to work well, that seemed to resonate well," Owen said. " I really do think that it was an issue, and I think the opponents of the health care plan, by bringing that back up again ... I think that it could be an effective obstacle to what he's trying to accomplish. " Obama originally asked Congress to send him a health care bill before the August recess, but neither chamber met the deadline. As lawmakers spend the break in their home districts, they've been met with sometimes fierce opposition to Obama's proposals. "It's not anti-reform -- it's anti-bad reform," Cannon said. " I think the public is reacting to what's in the legislation. And I think that's why the president wanted the House and the Senate to pass their versions before the August recess, because the president knew that the public would object to a lot of what is in these bills. " The White House, however, said that Obama "asked Congress to move quickly because we can't wait any longer to begin fixing what's wrong with our system. " iReport.com: Are you attending a town hall? Share photos, video Obama's health care battle has been compared to former President Clinton's failed effort more than 15 years ago, but lawmakers didn't experience the same backlash during the Clinton years. Part of the reason was because of the calendar, CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider said. Clinton proposed his plan in September 1993, and by the time Congress went on recess in August 1994, the plan was dead. People also didn't use the Internet the way they use it today, "so you didn't have the viral communications that rally people to attend town halls," Schneider noted. Today's hypersaturated media, where rumor is picked up as fact and disseminated to millions via blogs and discussion boards, has contributed to the misinformation being lobbed at lawmakers, Owen said. Coming out of one of her town hall meetings Monday, Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Missouri, said that "people are just getting information that's flat wrong. " But as unfounded as some of the claims may be, such as charges that Obama will set up death panels to decide who will live or die, the emotional appeals resonate with the public. "I don't think that this is debate that is going to go away," Owen said, noting that given the outpouring seen at the town hall meetings, Congress can't just pick up where it left off when it returns from break. " I think the public is going to remain engaged and energized. " Cannon said the debate has "stunted the president's momentum" and will make it harder for his administration to get through the types of reforms they were hoping for. Cannon predicted that Obama's plan will fail, but advocates "are going to try more incremental reforms to improve the health care sector. " The same thing happened after the Clinton plan failed. Congress passed less sweeping reform like the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). iReport.com : Share views on health care reform Owen said the response to his proposals has likely been "a stark awakening to [Obama] about maybe on this particular issue, he's going to need a new tactic. " "When Congress comes back they'll have to kind of rethink the plan and rethink particularly how they present it to the public. and that means the Obama administration as well," she said.
The monogram theme was developed into an <ANSWER> Art Deco </ANSWER>-style badge on which the letters A and C framed a football rather than the letter F, the whole set within a hexagonal border. This early example of a corporate logo, introduced as part of Herbert Chapman's rebranding of the club in the 1930s, was used not only on Cup Final shirts but as a design feature throughout Highbury Stadium, including above the main entrance and inlaid in the floors. From 1967, a white cannon was regularly worn on the shirts, until replaced by the club crest, sometimes with the addition of the nickname "The Gunners", in the 1990s.
(CNN) -- The FBI is investigating as a possible hate crime an incident in which a woman was beaten to the ground in front of her child at the entrance to a Cracker Barrel restaurant in Morrow, Georgia, south of Atlanta. Troy Dale West, of Poulan, Georgia, is facing battery and cruelty to children charges after the incident. Troy Dale West Jr., of Poulan, Georgia, is facing charges including misdemeanor battery and disorderly conduct after allegedly beating Army reservist Tashawnea Hill, 35, after the two had words at the entrance of the Morrow, Georgia, restaurant the evening of September 9. Hill, an African-American, told police that West, 47, yelled racial epithets at her as the attack took place. "He did punch me with a closed fist repeated times. My head is still hurting today. I have knots on my head," Hill told CNN Wednesday night, adding she also was kicked. Police said witnesses confirmed her account. <ANSWER> The FBI </ANSWER> has "initiated an investigation in the matter to determine if a civil rights violation occurred," the agency said in a statement. Because the alleged incident happened in full view of Hill's 7-year-old daughter, the Clayton County district attorney's office added a felony charge of cruelty to children. "[The woman's daughter] was visibly upset the night of the attack," according to Capt. James Callaway of the Morrow Police Department, who said he was on the scene shortly after the alleged attack. A police report of the incident said Hill's daughter was "crying uncontrollably and her body [was] shaking/trembling" from witnessing the attack. Watch Hill discuss ordeal with CNN's Rick Sanchez » Hill told police the incident started when she and her daughter were entering the restaurant at the same time West and his wife were exiting. "The man slung open the door pretty hard and fast and I had to push my daughter out of the way," Hill told CNN affiliate WSB-TV. " I turned to the man and I just said, 'Excuse me sir, you need to watch yourself; you almost hit my daughter in the face.' And from there it just went downhill. " West, according to the police report, admitted striking Hill "after she spit on me and accused me of trying to hit her daughter with a door. " Appearing on CNN Wednesday night, Hill and her attorney, Kip Jones, denied that she spat on West. Jones said he saw surveillance video of the incident. "At no point did Ms. Hill do anything to provoke the attack. She did not spit on Mr. West. She spoke to him. He attacked her," Jones said. Police say Hill stated that "West punched her in the left cheek, forehead, kicked her body in several places, and punched her head in many areas several times. " The Cracker Barrel's manager told police he stepped between West and Hill to stop the alleged assault. Cracker Barrel spokeswoman Julie Davis said Wednesday that the restaurant was cooperating fully in the police investigation. "It's just terrible when something like this happens anywhere, let alone in one of our stores," Davis said. " It's worth noting that Cracker Barrel employees did their best to assist Hill as soon as they became aware of the situation. " Jones said he was "convinced this was a hateful, racist attack ... based on the N-word, the B-word, etc. " "The language was vile. It was racist. It was sexist. It was completely offensive, completely unprovoked," Jones said. CNN's efforts to reach West at his home and business were unsuccessful. Police said they had no indication West had an attorney. He is free on bond awaiting a hearing in the incident, the Clayton County jail said. Hill was treated at a hospital after the attack and released. The Clayton County district attorney has forwarded surveillance video of the incident to the FBI. Edward DuBose, president of the Georgia State Conference of the NAACP, said Wednesday his organization was concerned about the alleged assault. "We do know that to see a young mother beat [and] grabbed the way this young lady was, raised concern to us in this community, " DuBose said at a news conference in Morrow. " Certainly it raised concern in this incident that some of the language ... was used toward this mother." He said he hoped the FBI would ensure "that justice is served. " He said his organization hadn't spoken to Hill, but that it planned to reach out to her.
(CNN) -- The murderer of a 16-year-old girl who bragged about his crimes was electrocuted Thursday night, a spokesman for the Virginia Department of Corrections said. <ANSWER> Paul Warner Powell </ANSWER> was pronounced dead at 9:09 p.m. at a correctional center in Jarratt, Virginia. He did not make a last statement at the execution attended by the victim's family. Powell was convicted in the 1999 murder of Stacie Reed and the rape of her 14-year-old sister in their Manassas, Virginia, family home. Powell's execution comes after Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell denied him clemency and the U.S. Supreme Court declined to block the execution. The killer claimed double jeopardy after state prosecutors put him on trial for a second time in the killing. In July, the high court delayed Powell's execution while considering the broader constitutional claims, which were finally rejected. Powell rejected lethal injection, the state's usual method of execution. "I'm hopeful this is the last legal chapter in the long history of this case," said Powell's prosecutor, Prince William County Commonwealth's Attorney Paul Ebert. "The survivors -- Stacie's mother and [her sister] -- have really been traumatized by delay after delay. Hopefully they're going to get some peace and closure after all these years. " CNN does not identify sexual assault victims without their permission, even though the surviving victim, now 25, has talked publicly about the case. The crime shocked the Washington area. Reed knew Powell, then 20 and an admitted racist. The state's highest court eventually threw out the 2000 verdict in the first trial, saying prosecutors had not proven other necessary death-eligible offenses were committed against the 16-year-old. Such "aggravating" factors could include rape, attempted rape or robbery in commission of the murder. The sexual assault and attempted murder of Reed's younger sister was upheld, and Powell was given a long prison sentence. Powell, believing he was free from execution, proceeded to write a taunting, profanity-filled letter from behind bars to Ebert, laying out explicit details of the crime unknown to investigators at the time. "Since I have already been indicted on first degree murder and the Va. Supreme Court said that I can't be charged with capital murder again, I figured I would tell you the rest of what happened on Jan. 29, 1999, to show you how stupid all of y'all ... are," wrote Powell, who is white. He said he had gone to the family's home to confront Reed about dating a black man. He admitted pinning the victim, threatening to rape her, then stabbing her in the heart when the girl resisted. He then stomped on her throat. "I guess I forgot to mention these events when I was being questioned. Ha Ha! " he wrote in 2001. " Do you just hate yourself for being so stupid ... and saving me?" The killer also said that after that crime, he waited in the house until the younger girl returned from school, then attacked her, leaving her for dead. In the meantime, he drank iced tea from the family refrigerator and smoked a cigarette, part of the forensic evidence that investigators used to place Powell at the scene of the crime. With this first-hand account from Powell, he was indicted again and charged with murder and attempted rape of Stacie Reed -- a capital-eligible crime. He was convicted again, and federal and state courts subsequently upheld the conviction on appeal.
After HMS Sheffield was wrecked by an Argentinian attack, The Sun was heavily criticised and even mocked for its coverage of the war in The Daily Mirror and The Guardian, and the wider media queried the veracity of official information and worried about the number of casualties, The Sun gave its response. "There are traitors in our midst", wrote leader writer <ANSWER> Ronald Spark </ANSWER> on 7 May, accusing commentators on Daily Mirror and The Guardian, plus the BBC's defence correspondent Peter Snow, of "treason" for aspects of their coverage.
(Mental Floss) -- Behind every good war are many good women. Using their feminine (and in at least one case masculine) wiles, the following five spies would make James Bond proud. Noor Inayat Khan was posthumously awarded the George Cross for her spy service. 1. Mata Hari While Margaretha Geertruida Zelle MacLeod (1876--1917) may not have caused World War I, she sure as heck kept it going. Having spent time in Java with her husband, Captain Campbell MacLeod, Margaretha returned to Holland and sued for divorce. To make ends meet she took up exotic dancing and the name Mata Hari (meaning "the light of day" in Malay). With her sensual performances becoming the attraction of the major European cities came the men and the gifts for her favors. Many of these favors came from royalty and high-ranking French and German military officers. As World War I progressed, both sides became suspicious that Mata was spying for the other side. The French eventually put her on trial and, although the charges were never proven, Mata Hari was convicted of espionage and was executed by a firing squad on October 15, 1917. Playing the seductress up until the end, Mata refused a blindfold, smiled, and blew a kiss to the firing squad as the fatal shots were fired. Mental Floss: When a criminal survives execution 2. Noor Inayat Khan Khan was born in 1914 and at a young age moved with her family first to England and then to France. In 1940, Khan, along with her mother and sister, escaped back to England just before France surrendered to Germany. While in England she joined the Women's Auxiliary Air Force (WAAF), but her ability to speak fluent French soon caught the attention of the Special Operations group and Khan agreed to become a spy. Khan was flown to Le Mans, where she teamed up with other female spies and traveled to Paris, France. There they joined the French Resistance Prosper Network. Soon after their arrival, the network was infiltrated and many were arrested. Khan was ordered to return to England, but instead she stayed on and continued to pass information on to England. Eventually she was arrested again and interrogated by the Gestapo. When she refused to speak, she was sent to a prison in Germany and then to the Dachau concentration camp. On September 13, 1944, Khan and three other female British spies were executed by the Nazi SS. In 1949, Khan was posthumously awarded the George Cross. 3. Belle Boyd (aka "La Belle Rebelle") Born Isabelle Boyd in Martinsburg, Virginia, in 1844 , the beautiful Belle soon became the star attraction in Washington, D.C., social circles prior to the beginning of the Civil War. With the outbreak of the war, she returned to Martinsburg. When the Union soldiers occupied the city, Belle mixed with the officers and soon gathered information on troop movements, which she passed on to the Confederate forces. However, she is probably best known for warning Stonewall Jackson that the Union intended to blow up all the bridges around Martinsburg. With this information, Jackson, with a small number of troops, was able to surprise the Union troops and drive them from the area. In 1864, Confederate president Jefferson Davis asked Belle to carry letters for him to England. The Union Navy captured her ship, but the officer in charge fell in love with Belle and let her escape. The officer, Lieutenant Samuel Harding Jr., after being courtmartialed and discharged from the Navy, traveled to England, where he married Belle. After the war, Boyd toured the United States as an actress under the stage name of La Belle Rebelle. 4. Elizabeth Van Lew Crazy Bet, as she was known, was born in Richmond, Virginia, in 1818 but educated at a Quaker school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. After developing a hatred for slavery, Elizabeth returned to Richmond and freed all her family's slaves. She also went so far as finding where her freed slaves' relatives were and purchased and freed them also. After the Civil War started, Elizabeth asked to visit Union prisoners being held captive in Richmond. The Union prisoners gave her information, which she then passed on to the North. Among the slaves she freed was Mary Elizabeth Bowser, whom Van Lew got a job as a house servant in the home of Jefferson Davis. This allowed Bowser and Van Lew to collect and pass on information directly from the Confederate president's mansion. Elizabeth effectively used the Crazy Bet moniker to <ANSWER> make the residents of Richmond think she was mentally ill. </ANSWER> She would wear old clothes and bonnets and talk to herself. Because of this, most people thought that her Northern sympathies were just a part of her craziness. Mental Floss: Confederacy's plan to conquer Latin America After the war, President Grant named Elizabeth the postmaster for Richmond. When the citizens of Richmond found out that Crazy Bet was an act, they shunned her. However, at her death, the state of Massachusetts placed a memorial marker on her grave. 5. Sarah Emma Edmonds (or Was It Frank Thompson?) Born in 1841 in New Brunswick, Canada, Sarah ran away from home in her early teens. In order to survive she became an itinerant Bible salesman, by calling herself Frank Thompson and dressing like a man. In 1861, Frank (Sarah) enlisted in the Second Michigan Infantry and over the next two years not only fought in a number of Civil War battles, but also served as a spy for the Union Army. Solders in her unit called Frank "our woman" because of his feminine mannerisms and his extremely small boot size. However, none of her comrades ever figured out that Frank was really Sarah. Mental Floss: Celebrity or look-alike? This boded well for her spying, where she dressed as a young boy serving in Confederate camps, as an immigrant Irish peddler and, most interestingly, as a woman. In 1863, Sarah caught malaria and deserted the army out of fear that hospitalization would reveal her true identity. In 1884, though, Sarah applied for and was awarded a veteran's pension in which the secretary of war acknowledged that Sarah was a female soldier who had rendered faithful services to the ranks. For more mental_floss articles, visit mentalfloss.com
(CNN) -- Billy Joel and his wife, <ANSWER> Katie Lee Joel, </ANSWER> are separating. Billy Joel married Katie Lee in 2004. "After nearly five years of marriage, Billy Joel and Katie Lee Joel have decided to separate," a joint statement on behalf of the pair said. " This decision is a result of much thoughtful consideration. Billy and Katie remain caring friends with admiration and respect for each other. " Billy Joel, 60, and Katie Lee Joel, 27, were married in 2004. Billy Joel is the multimillion-selling musician behind such albums as "The Stranger," "52nd Street" and "Storm Front. " Katie Lee is a food critic and chef. The marriage was the third for Billy Joel. His marriage to Elizabeth Weber ended in divorce in 1982 after nine years. He married his second wife, model Christie Brinkley, in 1985; they divorced in 1994. Both Joels have retained attorneys, according to a report in the New York Daily News. Billy Joel's publicist, Claire Mercuri, told the Daily News the singer was bearing up well. "Billy's doing fine," Mercuri said. " He's looking forward to resuming his Face2Face Tour with Elton John. "
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The United States on Thursday imposed economic sanctions on a North Korean company that the United Nations said is linked to the country's nuclear weapons program. News comes on day U.S. State Department Envoy Philip Goldberg met with U.N. sanctions committee. A U.S. Treasury Department statement said <ANSWER> Korea Hyoksin Trading </ANSWER> Corporation is owned or controlled by Korea Ryonbong General Corporation, which has been designated by the United Nations as a proliferator of weapons of mass destruction. The order freezes any U.S. assets of Hyoksin and prohibits any Americans from dealing with it, the statement said. It notes that a sanctions committee set up by the U.N. Security Council recently cited Hyoksin for involvement in development of weapons of mass destruction. The announcement came as the U.S. coordinator for implementation of U.N. sanctions against North Korea met Thursday with the Security Council sanctions committee. The envoy, Philip Goldberg, said the talks showed "strong commitment" by all nations to enforcing Security Council Resolution 1874, which authorized sanctions against North Korea's weapons program. "What I found in that room and in my dealings with other governments ... is unity of view," Goldberg said, specifically mentioning China, which is North Korea's longtime supporter. "Commitment to implementation is strong and unified," he said.
Aerobic gymnastics (formally Sport Aerobics) involves the performance of routines by <ANSWER> individuals, pairs, trios or groups up to 6 people </ANSWER>, emphasizing strength, flexibility, and aerobic fitness rather than acrobatic or balance skills. Routines are performed for all individuals on a 7x7m floor and also for 12–14 and 15-17 trios and mixed pairs. From 2009, all senior trios and mixed pairs were required to be on the larger floor (10x10m), all groups also perform on this floor. Routines generally last 60–90 seconds depending on age of participant and routine category.
BEIJING, China (CNN) -- The International Olympic Committee has asked gymnastics officials to look into whether China's women's gymnastics team used underaged competitors, an IOC spokeswoman said Friday. China's He Kexin kisses her gold medal last week after winning the Olympic women's uneven bars. The committee asked the International Gymnastics Federation to clarify the situation, said spokeswoman Giselle Davis. She said she wouldn't call it a formal investigation. The Chinese women's gymnastics team won a gold medal in a team competition at the Summer Olympics Games. Five members won medals in individual competitions. Yet commentators, bloggers and others have raised questions about whether about half the members of China's team were old enough to compete -- athletes must be at least 16 in the year the games take place. In women's gymnastics, younger teenage girls can have an advantage over older competitors due to their often smaller, more agile bodies and lighter frames. "We have asked the gymnastics federation to look into what have been a number questions and apparent discrepancies on this case," Davis said. A top Chinese Olympic official said questions regarding the ages of the athletes have been dealt with previously. "The eligibility of the athletes has already been investigated and authorized by the international federation and, if they hadn't been cleared, they wouldn't have participated in the games," said Wang Wei, executive vice president of the Beijing Olympic Committee. Chinese officials <ANSWER> provided the Olympic committee with passports, showing that team members were of legal age, </ANSWER> but numerous challenges have been made. The latest came from a blogger known as "Stryde Hax. " The blogger claims to have uncovered proof that Chinese gymnast He Kexin is only 14. Watch bloggers question China's gymnasts » In Internet searches, "Stryde Hax" allegedly uncovered Web pages showing lists complied by China's General Administration of Sport that show a 1994 date of birth for He. That would make her 14 -- too young to compete in the Olympic Games. CNN has not been able to independently verify the information, but snapshots of the Web pages appear to back up the claim. Other bloggers have joined the search and reported similar results. The New York Times conducted its own investigation, producing similar results that seem to implicate He and two other members of the team. The Times uncovered a 2006 biography on He that lists her birthday as January 1, 1994. " According to online sports registration lists in China, half the team - He Kexin, Yang Yilin, Jiang Yuyuan - would be under age," the Times reported in July. The International Gymnastics Federation, however, has said that those gymnasts were eligible and that the ages on their passports were correct. Chinese gymnastics coaches defended their team Friday. "Our athletes participating in these games all conform to the age regulations of the Olympics," said Huang Yubin, head coach of the men's and women's teams. "Asians have different figures than people from the West, so that's what caused their suspicion," Huang said, referring to media inquiries. " They shouldn't be suspicious. " CNN's John Vause contributed to this story
